Kate Moss surpasses it all one female
model to sum up the 90s oh it's a hard
one but I guess it would be Kate Moss
[Music]
Kate Moss the pint-sized Brit Beauty who
started the wave movement became one of
the most recognizable models of the
1990s the beauty who went on to
international fame was discovered
appropriately in an airport by Luke's
traffic in America on business it was a
Friday night summer hot Jack Kennedy
Airport I turn around and she was on our
check in queue for Pan Am she's 14 years
old and she's been with us ever since
Mars has been in a public eye ever since
especially after landing a plum
high-profile contract with Calvin Klein
Cake Boss major major in the 90s
suddenly girls not have to be tall and
skinny they could be Kate Moss
how would I describe Kate beautiful
sweet amazing wonderful light gorgeous
but not just gorgeous beautiful like in
an aesthetic way but she's beautiful
person inside kid most is somebody I
adore I work with her all the time and I
just love the person you know I think
she inspired loads of people she was a
breakthrough you know she was a breath
of fresh air and I think you know the
women we're seeing today are a result of
her the first model I ever really took
myself was Kate Moss to me when Kate
came in she was nothing like the models
of her generation and I thought it was
really cool I think it is wonderful a
great phase I still really like a kid
master because I think that she's real
one and she's beautiful and but she's
very more than she's in an attitude of
today
[Music]
she looks so different now she looks
more amazing all the time she's the last
runner up for the big star and she's
been the first one of these new
generations so I think that she's
represented today
[Music]